added cluster test api, first commit (#12663)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/12663.newfeature.rst

> Add new API for cluster permutation statistics of sensor data: :func:`mne.stats.cluster_test`, see example in ``tutorials/stats-sensor-space/76_new_cluster_test_api.py``. By `Carina Forster`_, `Sophie Herbst`_, :newcontrib:`Maximilien Chaumon`, and `Scott Huberty`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add new API for cluster permutation statistics of sensor data: :func:`mne.stats.cluster_test`, see the tutorial :ref:`tut-new-cluster-test-api`, by `Carina Forster`_, `Sophie Herbst`_, :newcontrib:`Maximilien Chaumon`, and `Scott Huberty`_.
```
